May 6th in general education
school number 630 passed a master class on
basketball for district winners
competitions youth games
Olympic hopes among young men and
girls 90 third 90 fourth year
of birth
December 1 held a master class
olympic champion deserved trainer
Russian Eugene Yakovlevich pride
many exercises were familiar to the guys
but in the May site turned out to be complete
surprise but to everyone
the participants liked it very much
will react
and national team
but also by women
ticks are hung March the judge indicated
yes it is coordination
general music and dance
but still many still alive
in response worked out includes musical
more important dance
any size after so active
changes Yakovlevich guys could not
stay
according to research and
continued the master class
Honored Coach of Russia Anatoly
dobrushin and master of sports player masters
Club Dynamo Moscow Grigory Shukhovtsy
we hope that today's occupation
will be remembered by young athletes for a long time
because the question is what are your impressions of
master class answer followed
immediately
see him
he is still very
this is super lakes
but the most interesting
and everything was interesting all that
basketball stars share secrets
experience gave their recommendations and all
it is not by chance
after all, May twenty-fifth
there will be a big final but children of a young man and
girls will defend the honor
skolkovo what is yours
we wish our men athletes
hope to win